# Crypto Club Meeting no. 4

## Meeting Details

### When
19:00 Tuesday, February 28th, 2017

### Where
Kirby Student Center - Underground

### Attendance
* Jakson K.

## Topics
* Crypto news
* Crypto Club poster
* Document sync project

## Schedule
1. Any new people this week?
	* Say names, majors, favorite programming language
2. Anything cool happen over the last week in the crypto world?
	* AWS down temporarily today.
3. Poster I've been working on
	* Tried to include some specific keywords like "Linux", "Tor", and "Bitcoin" to catch people's attention.
		* Should I instead make general words like "encryption", "security", etc. the highlight?
4. Document syncing project
	* Project name? Should probably start thinking about it.
	* Languages to use
		* Go back-end?
		* C++ front-end?
	* Very basic roadmap
		* What timescale are we looking at?
		* What's our first objective?
5. Possible Mecono [solution](https://github.com/jaksonkallio/mecono/blob/master/documentation.md#incentive-structure) using incentives.
6. Dismissal; have a good spring break!
